{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 About\
\
\
Hobby, submerged in that world since I was a kid, its a passion for me\
\
Sonia\
I\'92m a designer and developer based in Toronto. My passion for digital work began at the age of ten on a virtual pet website where I would design my own graphics and banner during my free time. it was this newfound interest in ___________ and _________ that  turned this passion into a career.\
\
Bees Matter\
\
<p><strong>Bees Matter collaborated with The Toronto Star for a series of custom content screens for promotional inserts in daily editions of the Toronto Star Touch.  Its goal was to drive users to the Bees Matter website and to create awareness around the Bees Matter campaign.</p></strong>\
\
<p>\
\
President\'92s Choice Black Label \
\
President's Choice Black Label collection is a special section insert in the Toronto Star Touch tablet app.</p></strong>\
                 <p>My team and I collaborated with writers and PCBL to create a promotional holiday edition that showcased their products using editorial content. All the screens and ads displayed in the video were designed and developed in collaboration with another team member.</p>\
\
Nordstrom\
\
<p><strong>Nordstrom collaborated with The Toronto Star for a series of custom content screens for promotional inserts in daily editions of the Toronto Star Touch for their grand opening at CF Eaton Centre.</p></strong>\
\
<p>A series of screens outlining their pop-up stores and creatives </p>\
\
Toronto Star Touch Promo Site\
\
<p><strong>The Toronto Star needed to revamp their promo website to achieve two goals. First, we needed to show users the main capabilities and features of the app in a compelling way. Next, we had to teach users how to take advantage of the app or something?? </p></strong>\
\
\
Toronto Star Touch - UX Guidelines\
\
<p><strong>The UX guidelines are built for internal. </p></strong>\
\
<p>I designed it I coded it. I wrote the copy. It was built using JavaScript Bootstrap. wat.</p>\
\
Arias\
\
<p><strong>Arias is a mock luxury pet condominium website that I created as a tester parallax website. It was a fun personal project that I created purely as a brainchild.</strong></p>}